feat: Introduce data file for post-upgrade commands (#36269)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

!!! note
    Do not use `git add` in your commands to add new files to be tracked, add them by including them in your [`fileFilters`](#filefilters) instead.

### dataFileTemplate

A template to create data file from.

> The template uses the same fromat as `commands`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template uses the same format as `commands`.
```

The data file is created as a temporary file and the path to the data file is stored in the `RENOVATE_POST_UPGRADE_COMMAND_DATA_FILE` environment variable avaliable to each post-upgrade command.
The primary purpose of the data file is to store some update information in a file which would be consumed from a post-upgrade command.

> This is particulary useful if a post-upgrade command need to have a long line of arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful if a post-upgrade command needs to have a long line of arguments.
```
